you
but you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
So, how do you sustain a business model in which users don't pay for your service?
Senator, we run ads.
One thing I am confident of, from everything I've read, is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
Now, what we do have evidence for are these plasmids are in there without any question that this has been replicated in many places around the world and there are consequences for having these residual pieces of DNA left inside the vaccines.
That doesn't look fake and... We're not pretending to be experts, we're trying to figure it out.
you.
Hey, guys, it's ZDoggMD, VP, MD, Vinay Prasad, Marty McCary, 3Ms, 3Ms.
Good to see you guys.
Dude, we're the three horsemen of the COVID apocalypse according to pretty much everyone.
Big financial ties.
Probably the worst, historically, was Paul Offit, University of Pennsylvania professor.
Listen to this.
Big financial ties.
Probably the worst, historically, was Paul Offit.
This episode is brought to you by Rumble Premium, the home of free speech and exclusive content from the voices that matter.
With Rumble Premium, you get ad-free viewing access to exclusive
And Marty and Jay are operating in a very complicated political landscape and they just don't have the latitude to act unilaterally.
Secretary Kennedy and Marty and Jay
are operating in a very complicated political landscape, and they just don't have the latitude to act unilaterally.
You know, we have like an 80-year history of giving vaccines by intramuscular injection, and this has never been a problem for any other vaccine, and I just don't see why it would be for these vaccines.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I have some apologizing to do.
I see some comments in the chat about the last stream was excellent.
I tend to disagree.
I made a very, very big error in watching that podcast live.
I feel awful about it.
I watched the show back a couple times.
And while I agree, there are a few analogies and explanations in there that are spot on, dead on, balls accurate, that I will never forget and always use.
There is a level of rawness in my reaction to the video, which is inevitable because it was fifth generation warfare.
Because the whole script
that got us here broke down in front of me as I listened to Brett and Heather talk to one another on what clearly was a script in which they wholeheartedly believe.
This is the part that really broke my heart after the stream and after I watched it and prevented me from being able to do anything on Friday.
Because I finally could see it, that if they are naive podcasters,
than actually Brett and Heather?
are in some twisted way victims of the same fifth generation warfare that is censoring Mark and I, is also promoting Brett Weinstein and preventing him from realizing how far over his skis he is, how malevolently he's been used to corral hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people into behaving on what would otherwise be considered obviously irrationally.
And it is a combination of ego attacks and payment and whispers in his ear and trusted friends that are actually having people whisper in their ear.
I suddenly had pity for Brett and Heather because I realized that as much as I've been meddled with, I must presume that Brett and Heather are also being meddled with or are somehow just not even at the level to play there.
And either way, it means we're in a much more malevolent trap than I thought we were, because it's not just scripted actors, but it is their victims between whose social media feeds we are trapped, within whose social media podcasts we are trapped.
A lot of these people are scripted, but indirectly,
A lot of these people have been on a script for so long they don't even know it anymore.
And so many of these people simply aren't sophisticated enough to see it.
And so all of this anger that I've had for the last four or five years has been a result of the fifth generation warfare convincing me that these people have to know.
convincing me that these people are just ignoring me because they want their fame and fortune, but it's much worse than that.
There might only be a very few, select few actors that really get it and the rest are just trying to keep their job or keep their heads on straight.
The vast majority of people haven't even read 50 hours of books in their lifetime.
never mind in their adult lifetime, never mind in the last five years of COVID.
And all of us, all of us as social animals are going to constantly be vulnerable to the many biases that this, that we have as social animals.
And so I have to be humble enough to say that I still don't know what's going on either, but I am quite certain that I'm close.
The only mistake that I've been making is overestimating how much everybody knew and overestimating the obvious bad motives that these people must have if they're ignoring me when in reality, I don't know.
Maybe Brett Weinstein was told that from the very beginning that Jonathan Couey was a problem that needed controlling.
And so that you needed to talk to him and ask him what he knows.
And if you don't understand it, it doesn't matter.
Just get him to fill up this signal chat and we'll do the rest.
and attributing a mastermind status level or a national security agent level to Brett Weinstein or Jessica Rose or John Baldwin, that's absurd.
Even Steve Kirsch would be absurd.
There only need to be a few central players and a few central script accepting employees that will do exactly what they're told and nothing else, and then the rest can just be spontaneous.
And so had I performed up to speed, had I performed how it was necessary, I would have been rotated on stage for a little while.
But I do still think that at the core of this, there are actors who know full well they are acting and have accepted the role of actor as part of the governance mechanism on social media.
And so it is with righteous anger that we seek those people out and want to identify them.
But we must do it with very, very much care.
understanding that even those that are the deepest inside of this illusion could actually be just innocently trapped there.
That's the part of it that became so difficult to process over the weekend that I had grossly overestimated and I couldn't see it for what it was.
There's no other explanation
for how it's possible that these kinds of events could be organized where somebody like Brett Weinstein could be there or Brian Hooker or Jessica Rose.
People who, by their own admission, don't know.
Brett Weinstein's wife doesn't know what she's doing, otherwise she would have never
put out a podcast where she said that I kind of agree with Jonathan Cooey who insists we should call this transfection and then never said it again.
She was told not to say it again, but I don't really know why.
I presume it has to do with Brett's father and the intellectual property that was reset when everybody decided to call these things gene therapies instead of their old name, which would be transformation or transfections, in which case there's no intellectual property to be had here.
But that doesn't mean that Brett and Heather understand why they're being told to say that.
And they could have been told a complicated lie that I'm not aware of or can't come up with that makes it justifiable in their mind.
Some imaginary goal that they're moving toward that they believe Robert F. Kennedy is moving them toward their old friend that they know through their dad who worked for his dad.
But I do know that there are central figures like Robert Malone and his wife, Jill Glasspool Malone, who cannot be discarded as unwitting participants or people who have been played.
This is one of the central players.
Kevin McKernan is another central player.
His connection to the Human Genome Project means that he knows the extent to which the
The genetic fallacy of RNA viruses has been exaggerated.
The genetic fallacy of high, high fidelity sequencing has been exaggerated for a long time and how the seemingly deep, the seeming exponential decreased in the cost of sequencing has been misconstrued as progress in understanding the human genome itself.
And that's definitely something that they have done over the last 10 years.
Wow, we can make photocopies of Chinese books better and better and better.
And that means we're getting closer to understanding Chinese.
And so these people don't all have to know.
Ryan Cole doesn't have to know.
Big Tree even doesn't really have to know.
You know, he wanted to be on TV his whole life.
Brett Weinstein doesn't have to know.
He could just be kind of an unsophisticated guy.
who got involved with people that are way over his head, with concepts that are way over his head.
The guy's not a real biologist.
He's a guy who's been told he is.
And so we are at a crossroads here, but it is a crossroads where some people need to be, rather than outed, just ignored, just forgotten, just left behind.
What we need to do is get starting on building the foundation of something new, a new model of biology that gets us out of this mess completely and sets us up with the right questions to ask when people try to push us back toward this bad biology evolution because DNA, where pandemics happen and can happen again.
And so this premise that I have, and this is something that I have to apply 100%, just like I'm trying to suggest to you, if you really believed at the beginning of the pandemic, like I did, that the two-party theater was a theater, then you have to also accept the fact that it's very likely that elections, more or less, are also theaters, and that the outcome of elections is not really left to chance, even though it is portrayed as such on television.
If you accept that, which I think is not a very far jump to make, then from Barack Obama to Donald Trump, to Joe Biden, to Donald Trump has all been a national security theater.
At the heart of which has been this pandemic.
The heart of which has been this population pyramid signal, which was threatening to
potentially bankrupt many of the Western economies because of this overload of old people that would stop paying taxes and start pulling away from the system, costing the system money.
And so we have been putting in place on social media and on regular media and in the movies, people into clear view.
That's a trademarked word for me, clear view.
meaning their narrative started to get seeded.
Donald Trump got in, in home alone, not by accident, but because they were going to use him.
That guy Fetterman in Pennsylvania was an extra in a movie a couple of years before he ran for Senate, not by accident, on purpose.
Bret Weinstein wasn't fired by Evergreen and then put in front of the Senate to whine about it on accident.
That was on purpose.
Just like Vinay Prasad wasn't promoted in 2017 as a going-against-the-grain doctor and faculty member who did his high school in DeKalb or La Porte, Illinois, Indiana, but actually that was scripted.
And so people were put in place,
And of course, if you see Obama, Trump, Biden, Trump, and then you see what all these people were doing during the Trump, Biden, Trump period, it's actually pretty shocking.
Because it's during the first Trump administration that Brett Weinstein is put in place, that Sam Harris is put in place, that all these podcasts are put in place, that Joe Rogan is put in place.
And so all of these people that are in clear view are in need to know basis scripted actors, meaning they give, they're given talking points and they have agreed to talk about them.
Maybe they're given some tips about how not to wax intellectual about them, but more likely they're given scripted talking points and sub talking points, and they're told to stick to them and everything is going to be great.
And I don't think that any of them knew what they were going to be used for.
I don't think any of them knew how long they would be on stage and how long they would have to be a need-to-know basis scripted actor.
But that's the only explanation for why in 2022, we can hear Heather say one thing.
And then in 2025, we can see her say something completely absurd and wrong.
And that's how we get here with the obvious murder and lies that nobody seems to be able to talk about.
So I really think this resetting of my language is important.
It's important also for my heart.
It's important for the way I feel every day when I wake up because
Feeling like I am being ganged up upon by people who know what they're doing is a lot more awful feeling to wake up to every morning than waking up to what is effectively a scripted national security theater on social media that by definition can't know who I am.
And by definition, its effectiveness is defined by me.
In other words,
their ability to keep Brett Weinstein and Robert Malone and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland from seeing the truth that I'm telling about them and from my work having any effect on the narrative they are trying to establish is the best evidence for the effectiveness of the military social media programming.
It's the best example.
There is no other example.
What other example would you point to besides Mark Kulak, of people, or Joe Marshall, of people, or maybe even Dan Cohen, of people who are trying to get a message out, have followers that follow them, but when new people show up and new people share them, or new people hear the story, it doesn't seem to affect them.
No matter what Dan does to tell people that it's a giant theater run by people who just want to kill, it doesn't work.
It's not going anywhere.
And instead, we get these amplified protests in the street, all over the place, yada, yada, yada.
And even somebody like Rabbi Shmuley gets more coverage than Dan Cohen has an American trying to be an American about it.
And I think this is the reality, is that social media is highly effective, but it's effective on both sides.
It protects
the puppets that it's using, and it also prevents the people that it's not using from becoming equivalent to the puppets.
And so everybody on social media that's just relaxing thinks that social media is comprised of people who have risen because of a lot of hard work and persistence, when in reality, social media is comprised of people who have been put in place.
And people who are putting in the time and the effort to try and rise on social media are selected from and then scripted in their fake rise.
And no one is allowed to spontaneously rise unless maybe they are doing something completely innocuous like making review videos about fast food or something like that.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I think there was just something about, that doesn't look fake, and... We're not pretending to be experts, we're trying to figure it out.
just like all of you are.
And we bring a particular evolutionary toolkit that most people don't have, but we'd love for everyone to have it.
And we bring particular experiences that happen to mean that we know stuff about science funding and bats and such and public health that the so-called experts probably didn't see coming.
Yep.
So, okay, so, so I need to ask for forgiveness for you from you, my viewers, my supporters, and everybody that would potentially not watch me because I blew it last week.
Because what I could see in that face in my imagination was a smug know it all, who knew she was lying and happy about it.
But of course, that's not the most parsimonious explanation.
The most parsimonious explanation is what I put on that other slide up there, that they actually do believe they were censored.
They actually do believe that they were fighting for truth and that they had some of it, and that's why they were even more sure that the censorship happened.
It's not possible to act this well.
That's what made me so sad over the weekend.
All of this anger has been horribly misplaced.
It's also the explanation that makes the most sense for why Brett Weinstein was able to walk up to me at the Pittsburgh Brownstone Conference and pick up my name tag, read it, and then walk away.
Because he was never in that signal chat with me listening and trying to figure out what I was saying.
He was in that signal chat just to respond and make sure that somebody else could read what I was saying and use it.
And am I mad that he was letting himself being used?
I guess so, but you know, he's got a connected dad.
His dad worked with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's father, was around when the FDA was modernized.
I mean, his dad is like the biological patent law dude in the United States.
Like he's one of the most, in terms of arbitration, this is the man.
So his brother is connected directly to Peter Thiel's finance company.
So why wouldn't Bret Weinstein be somehow privy to some information and use it to try to monetize a podcast?
Bret Weinstein told me that he was the scientific advisor of Joe Rogan, more or less, him and his brother.
So if he believes that, which I think he does,
then it could just be that, you know, between Brett Weinstein's dad and a few other people that lie to them regularly about how wonderful and smart they are and why they should persist and start a podcast despite all of the currents of social whatever working against them, then five or six years later, this is where we get.
And so it's quite frightening to think that actually it's far fewer that are really scripted and have accepted their acting, even though they know people are dying.
It's much more malevolent to think that there are layers of people behind Brett Weinstein that make sure that he never sees me or understand what I really represent and mean.
It's remarkable to think that they might even be using Sasha Latupova and Mike Yeadon and John Campbell and all of these people like that on each other.
And that with careful nudging from a few people in a few different directions all the time with few people behind you, you know, it doesn't matter if it's just Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Veer Sharav and Meryl Ness and Mary Holland and Del Bigtree that are ultimately the whisperers.
If those people have whisperers that they can send over to whisper, at some point in time, most of the whispers that these people hear will be, wow, you're doing really good, keep it up.
And after six years, they could be fairly lost and not know who Scott Gottlieb was and not know what BARDA was if that's how they got there.
And suddenly my anger is gone.
My frustration is gone.
My, now it's a little more, it's a little more uneasiness and a little more anxiousness because I understand how this is much more like a lemming situation.
It's much more like being in a stampede.
an intellectual stampede that is being governed and controlled by actors and programming on social media.
And I think, unfortunately, Heather Haying is as much of a victim as I would have been had I gone forward with the Wuhan coverup and the lab leak thing and tried to be Alex Washburn and help to elevate Charles Rixey to hero status.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection as medicine is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
And I think there are several books that support this idea.
I think the timeline supports the idea that intramuscular injection was never a good idea.
Autism Spectrum Disorder is also a mythology that was more recently created.
And it is a
a two-sided simple version of autism on the left and the right that allows that to continue.
Very similar to the pandemics and gain of function, two-sided myth of laboratory leak or natural viruses.
These are two-sided mysteries, myths that trap people in the argument because the two sides of the coin accept the existence of the coin itself.
The coin being autism spectrum disorder or pandemics or gain of function.
And maybe the most
malevolent of all these things is this insistence that vaccine describes something quite accurate.
And now we're going to have this discussion about how they changed the definition of vaccine at the beginning of the pandemic, and that's why they got away with it.
And of course, that's the inversion, the absolute inversion of saying that they took intellectual property that already had a name and it was already 20 years old, and they renamed it so they could pretend it was new.
And yet that's what we're doing right now.
Another way to get away from this would be to say something like, natural pandemics don't exist or pandemics cannot naturally occur.
That would also be a way of trying to sort of say this without actually saying it usefully.
So don't, don't misunderstand the accuracy with which these words are deployed here on this stream is unique on earth.
Nowhere else on the internet will you find somebody who is trying to use the English language in a way which is impossible to distort and also forces a direction of thought.
So, pandemics cannot naturally occur actually is a nicely worded group of words which forces a particular direction of thought which accepts the fact that pandemics are real but they can only be caused rather than naturally occur.
And so as you learn how this language is used against you and watch me or follow along with me as I figure out how this language is used against us, you're going to be told that it's neurolinguistic programming.
You're going to be told that it's all kinds of these magical things that you have to understand.
When in reality, it's not.
It's just the thousand plus year old art of persuasion.
So there were other people on this 2018 project.
There was a professor in North Carolina.
When he saw that COVID had this special furin cleavage site to let it enter into cells, why wasn't he ringing up Fauci and saying, holy crap, they did it.
They did it.
They finally did what we asked for the money.
We got denied the money because it was too dangerous.
They did it anyway.
Guys, I'm off the grid for August, but Rand Paul makes
Rand Paul makes sense.
So this is Dave Rubin, one of the original guys sitting at the table with Peterson, Rogan, Shapiro, Weinstein, and Weinstein for the Intellectual Dark Web, that group of podcasters that was going to control the alternate narrative for Peter Thiel.
funded by Peter Thiel and sort of supporting a network of podcasters, supporting the relevance of and the sort of the the the king Joe Rogan.
That's kind of how it got organized, right?
And so they became guests on Joe Rogan and Joe Rogan has guests that go on their podcasts.
And so it was a nice little network of controlled conversations that could be scripted, that could have advertisements in them.
And of course, that's how they started.
with testing the way that these ideas could be put in there and deployed in sort of kind of covert fashion.
But once the pandemic started, they used that stuff for real ideas and real questions that forced people in certain directions away from the truth.
And so here we are six years later with Dave Rubin pushing you to listen to Rand Paul and a guy from England.
It's oftentimes an American with a guy from England talking about the mystery virus and the lab leak coverup, which is of course, again, a central part of the mythology here that they want us to pass to our children.
On January this year with the new administration, I gave subpoenas to 14 agencies and these are now friendly people.
I know most of the people at these agencies and yet six months in, it's taken me six months and I'm still trying to get information.
I've recently gotten some and I think I'm going to have a breakthrough in the next couple of months.
I do think that
there was a cover up.
And I love the way, or a conspiracy, I love, my favorite is, you know, people think, oh, if you believe in a conspiracy, you're an absolute nut and a fool.
And I said, well, George Carlin described this the best.
George Carlin said, it's not necessary to believe in a conspiracy, only to believe in a convergence of interest.
So the way I imagine the COVID conspiracy is, you might have 250 people involved in the COVID conspiracy, all worked in government, and maybe they never met each other.
But their convergence of interest is, holy s**t, we funded this.
If word was out that I reviewed this.
Now think about how absurd it is that he's suggesting that the main convergence of interest during the pandemic was a group of people that are responsible for it and trying to cover their tracks.
That's opposed to what Mark and I are suggesting, which is a multi-generational operation, which really starts from the Manhattan Project.
It starts from the idea that radiation can cause mutation, that mutation is the fundamental stepping stone of evolution, and that mutations occur in DNA are the stepping stones of evolution.
So we might be able to use radiation to accelerate evolution.
Radiation can cause cancer.
And so these things were all tied together before we actually even discovered DNA.
And when we discovered DNA, that instantaneously the entire world was forced to basically accept that, well, evolution is obviously proven because we've found DNA.
And I think my
The reason why I got put on earth or what I'm doing here, one of the reasons why I'm here is because I think I can see pretty clearly why that's nonsense.
And I know that there are lots of other people who have seen why it was nonsense too, but have been unable to really paint a useful picture for high school kids.
And I think I can do it.
I've already taught my kids and they already see it.
And it's not very hard to see.
But these people are all trapped in that model where DNA and genes and heredity are a thing.
And it's not to say that that doesn't occur.
You can see it in the face of all of your children.
You can see it in puppies.
You can see it in chickens.
You can see it in plants.
It's not that heredity doesn't exist.
It's that we understand it because we found DNA.
That's the lie.
that because DNA is in bacteria and in plants and in people that we understand everything.
Maybe one of the best analogies that has hit me recently is this idea that, okay, well, we found gears inside of this watch and the gears are really important to how the watch works.
In fact, if you take a few gears out of here, the watch doesn't work anymore.
And then we looked in cars and we found out that cars actually have gears too.
They're slightly different shape, but their teeth still mesh together.
And if you remove those gears, the cars don't work anymore.
Therefore...
All mechanic things on earth use gears and now we understand how everything on earth that's mechanical works.
We don't understand all the details yet, but essentially we understand everything from fine Swiss watches all the way to F1 race cars because we understand that gears are a common mechanism employed in these machines.
And that's not that dissimilar to saying that we found DNA and it gets translated into RNA and then RNA is translated by ribosomes into proteins and we're mostly made of proteins.
And since that's true in bacteria and also seems to be true in higher organisms, then we understand everything there is essentially to know about life and evolution is real.
And these people are trapped inside of that illusion because that's all they know, that's all they understand, that's all they've been taught, and they haven't done the long, long requisite work necessary to pull one's own head out of that hole.
And with your support and your help and you sharing this work, I believe I can start helping people pull their heads out of that hole by throwing a rope down and really explaining to people why that shortcut, evolution because DNA, is something that even somebody like Max Delbruck knew wasn't true.
That Lederberg, Joshua Lederberg, died knowing that wasn't true.
And the national security state let that
truth disappear with Hilary Koprowski and with Joshua Lederberg and with all of these very, very insightful biologists from the last generation.
And now we are left with people like Robert Malone and Paul Offit and Vincent Rackin-Yellow, people that were trained by those biologists who knew better, trained by those biologists who had seen all the shortcomings but trained not to see them.
These are apprentices of illusionists that don't know that they were apprentices to illusionists.
They thought they were apprentices to magicians, to biologists, to scientists.
And so there's going to be a very, very big tumbling of the collective consciousness of humans as this whole illusion is shattered.
But if it's shattered the right way,
I think our kids and even some of the people that are alive now can be snapped out of it in a healthy and happy and freeing way rather than a debilitatingly, psychologically torturing way that these people would like to have happen that has to do with your surrendering and feeling helpless because the government and all these weaponized piles of money are trying to destroy you.
I funded it, so it's like, I'm putting this at the bottom of the stack, or I'm erasing this, and that's what happened.
So it was a conspiracy where some of them knew each other, and some of them were involved in a cabal, but most of them had a common interest of cover-up, because 15 million people died, and they made the foolish decision to fund this.
And it's extraordinary what we have found.
Almost everything is from whistleblowers and from freedom of information.
There was a major Murphy who worked in DARPA, which is part of our defense industry research.
He revealed that
Of course, Major Murphy is the whistleblower for the Diffuse Proposal.
The Diffuse Proposal that supposedly, according to the former Human Genome Project Research and Development Director Kevin McKernan, was actually released to the public by one Charles Rixey, the same guy who supposedly helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write his book, although didn't get his name in it, unlike I, myself.
who's in it as a expert listed on the acknowledgements page that Kevin McKernan says is chemtrail retarded.
America is under attack, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't think Rand Paul understands it.
I don't think, I mean, come on.
Russell Brand definitely doesn't understand it.
That guy reads all the talking points he's given and talks as much shit as possible.
That's why he gets paid so much.
I wouldn't, I shouldn't,
I shouldn't have to explain Russell Brand any more than I would have to explain Alex Jones.
But this guy is more difficult to understand and more difficult to explain.
And it's very, very possible that he just doesn't understand.
The research that led to this was applied for in 2018.
by the people in Wuhan, China.
They didn't get it in 2018, but it was almost exactly what COVID began.
What it became was what they had applied for in 2018, but nobody came forward.
So there were other people on this 2018 project.
There was a professor in North Carolina.
When he saw that COVID had this special furin cleavage site to let it enter into cells,
Why wasn't he ringing up Fauci and saying, holy crap, they did it.
They did it.
They finally did what we asked for the money.
We got denied the money because it was too dangerous.
They did it anyway.
This mirrors what our research proposal was going to do.
And yet he met with Fauci in February of 2020.
He's been at the White House.
How come he never mentioned anything?
15 different agencies heard this proposal and when they found out.
So this kind of gets frightening, right?
Because it sounds like he's trying to suggest that Ralph Baric should have spoken up and said, Hey, we submitted a proposal and now it looks like that's out there.
Now that sounds like a national security theater that's about to be executed.
And this bothers me a lot because I don't think
Ralph Baric is guilty of anything other than a lot of acting.
The virus had this special cleavage site.
They should have been going, holy cow, last year I heard a presentation from the same people in China wanting to do this.
And now the virus just coincidentally starts in Wuhan, China and has the special cleavage site in that they were proposing doing in an experiment in 2018.
Nobody did that.
Because there was a conspiracy of cover-up from people all had a convergence of interest that said, we don't want anybody to know that we were forewarned and we still made a stupid decision to fund this research.
Now, what we're suggesting, of course, is that there is a conspiracy across Western nations, which is at the center of which is probably
current manifestation of the Human Genome Project.
The Human Genome Project is under the Department of Energy.
The Human Genome Project is the highest level of national security.
The Human Genome Project is a cooperative effort between many countries around the world, including China.
BGI, the company that provided a lot of the PCR testing and lateral flow testing for the UK and the United States, is a company that was a close collaborator of the Human Genome Project since its inception.
And so it is very, very much more likely that the conspiracy behind the COVID and the pandemic is the Human Genome Project and the necessity to convert humans on earth to experimental animals.
The reason being because you can't learn anything about human genetics and human biology beyond a certain level because we don't share a lot of our biology with any other animals on earth.
And this is part of understanding the real biology double zero one.
that will free our children when they understand that and what that means from a fundamental level, then they won't be thinking of themselves as white or black or Hispanic or Latino, and they won't be thinking of themselves as some spectrum of gender, but they will have a real biological and spiritual conception of who they are, which starts with something that is irreducibly complex and sacred, rather than something that can be boiled down to a molecule and the expression that it causes.
And this guy is one of the worst people on the planet.
One of the worst actors on the planet.
And what bothers me most about him is that he's lying a lot about Christianity.
And it's not my place to judge.
But there's no way this guy is... He's not a good example.
I would not want my kid to take Russell Brand as an example of anything.
and certainly not as an example of a Christian.
I don't think he's a good example of a Christian.
I think he's just as focused on himself as he ever was because I don't think he actually converted to Christianity.
I think he's an actor and I think you need to accept the fact that there are some people on earth who are so cynical and so dark and so materialistic and believe in so many other things that
They would be willing to say that all modern religions are a lie, they're useless, they're bullshit, and the real thing is Kabbalah, or the real thing is Satanism, or the real thing is Luciferianism.
There are people like that.
I don't know if he's one of them.
But any of those people would be more than willing to go on TV in their underwear or social media in their underwear and pretend to be baptized and then talk about all about the Christ inside of himself and all this other stuff that has nothing to do with reading the Bible, nothing to do with the humility required to be a Christian, but just to do with distorting Christianity so that Christianity would be even more dismissible
by those who have already left it.
This is the part that actually becomes very scary about Polly Tommy and Judy Mickiewicz and all these other people who purport to be Christians and purport to be, you know, Sherry Tenpenny heard the voice of the Lord.
And so it's very easy for the other side to turn around and say, look at these liars, these blasphemous
egocentric actors are must be full of shit.
We have been walked into a trap, ladies and gentlemen.
It is impossible for you to underestimate how precarious a position we are in.
We have been walked into a trap by people who are the most fraudulent of frauds, and we are about to be dropped on our heads.
one scandal with robert f kennedy jr that reveals him very specifically to be a guy who was just reading whatever script was put in front of him including an ineffectual half-assed anti-vax script about the mmr vaccine handed to him originally by polly tommy and andrew wakefield as this gets out and people understand
the breadth and the depth of the incompetence that we have fallen for, it will be us that suffers, not them.
It will be the conservative right that suffers because of them.
The Christian right that suffers because of them.
The people that actually have been trying to live an honest and life with integrity will be the ones that get smashed because we put our lot in with them.
We put our lot in with them.
And so unless you're ready to really admit it, America is doomed.
It's not going to get better with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Donald Trump in the next couple of years.
It's not going to get better after the midterms.
It's going to get worse.
The theater is going to get worse.
The trap is closing right now on us because we still don't know it.
We don't see it.
We don't feel it.
We need to elect other people in America and we need to elect them now.
Every governor needs to be a nobody.
Every congressman and senator and, and councilman needs to be a nobody.
And I know that's an impossibility.
I know that's not going to happen, but that's the way out.
And if all of us were to show up in Congress and not know what the hell to do, well, that's the start.
because if you elect 250 people and you put them in that room and somebody hits the gavel at the right time, then supposedly people can get shot because you made a decision in there.
So that's how they are governing us right now.
And in the meantime, we are spinning our wheels because supposedly podcasters on the internet are trying to figure it out.
Supposedly, Russell Brand is trying to figure it out, prevent totalitarianism.
And this is absolutely positively not true.
I don't know how to be positive about that.
It's not true.
But the result is there's a lot of people who have been fooled.
And so they're not evil.
They could even be with their whole heart and mind trying to do the right thing.
But if they think that this guy is trying to figure it out, they're screwed.
If they think that Rand Paul is trying to figure it out, they're screwed.
And that's where we are.
That's why it's so frightening to me now.
Yes, if you met Lee Harvey Oswald at a dry shooting range and he was practicing shooting from a shop window via branches and trees at a grassy knoll.
It's just a coincidence.
So, but, although ironically, he was likely not working alone.
Hey everyone, as you know, I debunk charlatans and science deniers of all varieties.
But there is a special sense of urgency when- I cannot stress enough, right?
This guy is the best example I have of the other side.
This is like the other side's Bret Weinstein.
Not everybody watches him, he's only got a couple million followers.
But what he does is that he teaches
Chemistry and physics and biology pretty well, but he teaches the standard fare including vaccines work best ever invention ever Pandemics and gain-of-function are real yada yada yada But he does hate Brett Weinstein.
He does think Sam Seder is really smart and kind of a kindred spirit He does think that Jordan Peterson is a fraud.
He does think that Eric Weinstein is a fraud so he's the opposite side of the show and
And he's very, very effective.
So what you have to see is that the conservative right, many of whom think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has got good plans and means well, that Mary Holland has good plans and means well, that Brett Weinstein has good plans and means well, that Steve Bannon has good plans and means well, this is the other side of the coin in how far we've gone and how easy it is for them to dunk on us.
And your family and friends might be watching a guy like this tell your family and friends exactly how bad it is.
And such characters are in positions of political power.
And thus, by overwhelming popular request, we arrive at RFK.
If you are someone who is not aware of what a massive fraud this guy is, or just how harmful he is to America and the world, please watch this video.
Let's get started.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., son of Robert F. Kennedy Sr., the attorney general and senator who was assassinated in 1968, and nephew of John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States who was assassinated in 1963.
Remember that Brett Weinstein's dad, Les Weinstein, worked with these two guys, was appointed by these two guys to the Department of Justice, and played a seminal, pivotal role in the modernization of the FDA in the 60s.
along with a guy by the name of Senator Kefauver who was killed about three weeks before that dude was killed.
And we don't talk about Senator Kefauver, we don't talk about Brett Weinstein's dad, and yet Brett Weinstein and the kid
you know, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., are now kind of at the center of this fake populist movement that's about to get smashed, face-planted on its face in America as part of the controlled demolition of the American culture, the American citizenry, the American people, the American fabric of society is being ripped apart
because the conservative populist right has been fooled into believing that Russell Brand and Jordan Peterson and all these shitheads are actually trying to figure it out and they're not.
They were purposefully running us off a cliff.
And some of them don't even know that's the problem.
That's what makes it harder for me now, because I can't really even be angry at any of them because I know, and I understand now that it was a military operation to run us off that cliff, to run the populist right in America off a cliff of credibility.
That's where we are right now.
If we don't hit the brakes, we are gonna drive off a cliff of credibility, just like those two women in that silly movie, Thelma and Louise.
And it'll be Trump in the driver's seat and Bobby Kennedy in the passenger seat and a couple people in the back row.
Kash Patel and, I mean, Tulsi Gabbard cannot be a real person.
It's not by accident that she surfs and Jessica Rose surfs.
It's not by accident that Whitney Webb and Claire Craig and all these people just kind of have a general resemblance to each other.
And it's not by accident that these people are exactly on the same script that Brett Weinstein and all these other people are on, that it looks like a conspiracy that started in the Kennedy administration is now all the way here.
instead of the idea that the Kennedy administration was a brief blip in resistance to what was already in existence before they took office.
See the subtle difference?
But Brett Weinstein is convinced that the conspiracy starts then, instead of this just being evidence of its existence before then.
And Rand Paul and Russell Brand seem to think exactly the same thing.
is an apple that has fallen quite far from the tree.
In contrast with his uncle, who prioritized scientific advancement and integrated it into his policies, from funding scientific research and education all the way to the legendary Apollo missions and the space race, RFK holds a plethora of bafflingly regressive and objectively erroneous views on a variety of topics.
He thinks vaccines cause autism, Wi-Fi fries your brain, measles outbreaks are no problem, and in fact, germs might not even be a thing in general.
Now can you see how bad it is?
Because you cannot sit down at your Thanksgiving table and defend this shit.
In fact, if you're following along with the work that we're doing here, you shouldn't want to.
Because autism itself can't be defended.
what Polly Tommy and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker share in common is not an autistic kid.
It is a toxically, neurologically damaged kid that also had, for at least some time, extreme dysregulation of their bowel.
And instead of being very precise about that,
they get more and more imprecise.
Instead of being where Brian was in 2013, where he didn't use the word autism, didn't like the word autism because his son was vaccine damaged, neurologically injured.
And now he uses autism to describe all kinds of things.
Some of which might be caused by vaccines.
That's the problem.
If we go over here,
And you see, sorry, I should have done this.
If you go over here and you see the idea that here's Brian's kid, and here's Polly's kid, and here's Mary's kid, and here's my friend's kid named Elijah.
And coincidentally, I do have a friend who has a real kid who is actually autistic and has a lot of these problems.
The kid will eat carpet.
Um, and then his, you know, cause he can't eat anything and whenever he eats stuff, he has pain and he can't talk, but he's a really sweet kid.
And he made friends with my son and he has all this thing, you know, he shits his pants all the time.
It's exactly what, what Brian's kid has and what Polly's kid supposedly had before she got secreted injections or some shit.
And also what Mary's kid supposedly had before he was institutionalized or whatever, wherever he is now.
But these kids are a very small number of kids.
And then we have all these other people with autism and it's all kinds of things, including Rain Man autism and Asperger's and all these other kids.
And these could be a wide variety of causes, right?
That's the whole point.
And so if autism is this big circle,
Then you can write a book like James Lyons Wyler wrote, which is the environmental and genetic causes of autism in 2016.
Because if you're, if the thing that requires you to define it as autism is this great big definition where, you know, kids can lose language or not make eye contact or blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
you know, very aspecific kinds of things, then you will be able to get, if there's people on YouTube who can self-diagnose as autistic as adults, then again, you know, we have this situation where we're casting an ever wider net, which means that the real kids in the middle who are actually the rare kids that are injured by intramuscular injection of a combination of substances,
and that injury shows up very temporally related and severely related to the onset of the deployment of the injection of the vaccine, then we might have a problem here.
But they're not trying to be specific like that.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland are very, very, very, very careful not to be specific, but instead to cast a very wide net of health freedom, which includes the idea that some cases of autism, if you have a very broad definition of autism, are caused by vaccine injection.
And so it's very easy for somebody like Professor Dave to say that autism is being diagnosed more often now because we have different ways of diagnosing it.
And that increase in autism has nothing to do with intramuscular injection.
Although he doesn't say that, he says vaccines.
Just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
says he's not against vaccines.
Make no mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen,
Gigon Biological is arguing that it is intramuscular injection that is very specifically dumb.
And so the vaccine word is so aspecific and so not capable of precision that within the big term vaccines, there are several different kinds of injections and pharmaceutical products, some of which are intramuscular injection.
And for me, if I'm going to be specific, it is my belief that those are the injections.
which are responsible for hurting people.
And those are the injections which are irresponsible.
Those are the injections that don't make any biological sense.
And we should start there.
And if we started there, I think we would be doing pretty well.
Although it may be that in the end, we will find that many of the injections that we have done, the hypodermic injections we've done, irrespective of the place we've put them, have been a little bit ham-fisted.
But I can tell you, the worst place to put it would be the muscle.
Because from a causal perspective, you have the least chance of knowing what you did.
and that's why those kids are rare.
Do you see it?
Do you see why those kids are so rare?
If it was an intramuscular injection and it was always IV, if it was an intramuscular injection and it was always oral, if it was an intramuscular injection and it was always subcutaneous, then these kids would be less rare.
That's my projection.
And so while Pauly Tommy and Brian Hooker and all these other people want you to believe that because autism is so prevalent, that vaccine injury is so prevalent.
And that is the trap.
I hate to break it to you as an anti-vaxxer, but I don't think severe vaccine injury is very common at all.
I think Paul Offit is exactly right.
It's extremely rare.
And as we've gone to single-use needles and sterilized-use hypodermics and all this other stuff, the injuries due to intramuscular injection have gone down even further.
And I would argue that when we were using little kits like this and there was only two needles for the whole town, that intramuscular injection was much more dangerous than it is now that we have disposable needles and disposable hypodermics.
And so this is not, it is not,
the anti-vax message of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
refined.
It is not the anti-vax message of Suzanne Humphreys refined.
It is a new message.
It is a different message which takes into account a biological foundation of understanding and applies that to the ideas, the methodologies, and then reinterprets them.
I still think that this work reveals that intramuscular injection is dumb and that they have done things like this illusion of the autism spectrum disorder very specifically to make sure that we never come to that realization.
That for 90 years, we have been doing something that we kind of knew didn't work.
We hoped that we could fix it.
We hoped we could figure it out.
But all we've really done is discover a list of things that we can inject that cause very little damage.
Because we started with sperm oil and wool oil and other kinds of oils that were dissolving things.
And we started with many, many, many CCs, you know?
Like, can you imagine going into your doctor's office and your kid having this pulled out of a box?
This would be business as usual if he were just some random jerk with a podcast, but in this nightmare of a universe, he's been appointed by President Trump to head the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, which oversees federal agencies like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and the National Institutes of Health, or NIH.
Since being appointed as head of HHS on February 13th of this year, it's been a non-stop train wreck that in certain timelines could end as disastrous as Stalin's backing of Trofim Lysenko, a dark chapter that I described in a previous video, which illustrates how dictatorial power destroys science when it forces science to adhere to a predefined political agenda.
Nearly every single day since RFK's service began has been a circus sideshow of breathtaking ignorance and monolithic damage being dealt to the American people, which will have generational effects.
While there will surely be more buffoonery to address as his term unfolds, let's cover what's happened so far.
First, we can start with a brief overview of Bobby's background, career, and how the guy with the worm in his brain became the guy with the worm in his brain running America's health programs.
More on the worm later if you aren't familiar with this little tidbit.
After his father's assassination, Bobby dabbled in heroin and environmental activism before recovering from addiction and eventually becoming a lawyer.
He was admitted to the New York Bar in 1985 and began taking on environmental cases on behalf of a non-profit organization called Hudson River Fishermen's Association, renamed to Riverkeeper in 1986.
He won cases that forced cleanups of the Hudson River, punished polluters, and set precedent for environmental legal standards at the time.
It seemed like he was doing great work at first.
But in the year 2000, during a board meeting for Riverkeeper, he took a detour onto Batshit Boulevard when he pushed for hiring someone who had just served three and a half years in federal prison,
for running an international wildlife smuggling operation, including smuggling eggs of endangered cockatoo birds from Australia.
Some recurring themes that we will see throughout this piece are Bobby's association with grifters, playing fast and loose with scientific data, and being called out by his own family members.
His own sister Rory nailed it in an interview.
He can say some crazy shit, even though he might come across as an expert, remarking how thoroughly all of his interviews have to be fact-checked because he just says pretty much anything.
Before the Senate hearing on his nomination to head of HHS, his cousin Caroline Kennedy sent a letter to Congress urging them to reject his nomination.
She wrote in her letter that Bobby is a predator who preys on the desperation of parents and sick children, using anti-vaccine rhetoric, and that both his father and uncle would be disgusted by his conduct.
I'm sure she's just paid off by big pharma or something, right?
Moving along, in 2015, he became the chair of Children's Health Defense, or CHD, a group that has been pumping out vaccine disinformation.
So that's wrong.
That was actually in 2018 when the World Mercury Project changed its name.
So this is a mistake.
I don't know why he's making this mistake, but it's a mistake.
In 2015, CHD didn't exist.
In 2016, ICANN is formed, and ICANN is formed before CHD is formed, and makes the movie Vaxxed in 2016, so this is wrong.
at Mach 5 speed for a long time.
The organization's revenue, primarily consisting of individual donations, grew from $13,000 in 2014 to $470,000 in 2015 when Bobby joined the board, and ramped up unimaginably during the COVID-19 pandemic, reaching $6.8 million in 2020, $15 million in 2021, and a peak of $23.5 million in 2022.
Now it's really weird because I'm wondering if some of these numbers are wrong on purpose so that people on our side could say that Professor Dave gets it wrong.
But this is right.
This is frighteningly correct.
And they don't tell you where all their money comes from, but it comes from a lot of rich people, you know, retired people giving a million dollars.
It's gross.
It's really gross.
And you know how gross it is?
I actually helped them with a few donors by escorting them around a conference and telling them how great everything was and escorting them to their table.
And oh my gosh, was I a fool.
Hot damn, who knew lying could be so profitable?
In 2023, revenue dropped to $16 million, coinciding with Bobby's leaving for his presidential campaign, demonstrating how influential he is in positions of power.
While running for president, he spread his gospel to millions of people on platforms like the Joe Rogan Experience.
Since Trump despises credentials and rewards loyalty in quid pro quo fashion, RFK endorsed Trump in 2024, to then find himself being handed the keys to the HHS earlier this year, where he currently chairs the Make America Healthy Again Commission, or MAHA, pushing policies based on complete whimsy or science fiction at best.
All of this should be no surprise because, once again, Bobby is a lawyer.
He has no scientific training of any kind and couldn't pass a 9th grade biology quiz.
The level to which he is deluding himself into thinking he's in the right versus just straight up grifting for cash is something for a psychologist to dissect.
Here we just set the record straight on the science.
But it seems to be the case that Bobby is unaware of what an incompetent moron he is
and how damaging it is to steer research funding for the entire country based on his own science illiteracy rather than assembling a panel of experts to advise him.
But this is the defining theme of the current administration, so it's not even remotely surprising.
In this video, we will dive into more of the specifics than most people want to hear, but in general, much of what we can expect out of his misinformation revolves around a misunderstanding of dosage, an over-reliance on anecdotes, and just making shit up out of thin air.
He claims that he wants to remove all of the nasty toxins in our food, medicine, and vaccines, but apart from him definitely not knowing what the word toxin means, we will see that he bases his worldview not on the totality of evidence, but rather cherry-picked evidence or even complete falsehoods that already have had real-world consequences.
This includes a recent resurgence of measles, a disease that was declared eliminated from the US in 2000 by the World Health Organization because of the success of the MMR vaccine.
Now, I'm suggesting to you a pretty big step here to believe that the measles outbreak and the Rolling Stone article and the MMR thing in the UK, it's all interrelated.
And the reason why it's interrelated is because the MMR shot is subcutaneous.
The measles vaccine is a subcutaneous vaccine, a cutaneous vaccine.
It's not intramuscular.
And so they chose a vaccine that wasn't the DTP vaccine, which was the first one that had a book.
It wasn't the HPV vaccine.
They chose the MMR vaccine because the MMR vaccine doesn't share the worst of the methodologies.
And we're still in that trap right now, ladies and gentlemen.
We're still there.
We're still in that trap.
We're still chasing around those ghosts.
Many of Bobby's claims are completely incompatible with high school-level science, while others that appear more robust at face value crumble under even mild scrutiny, since they are always built on debunked pseudoscience, fabricated statistics, or brainworm-induced absurdities.
All of this combined with his actions, like fueling deadly outbreaks, hiring discredited disgraced former researchers, and pushing overreaching claims about drugs like ivermectin and methylene blue, make him not only unfit, but legitimately dangerous as head of HHS.
Are you ready to dive into the weird wild world of Bobby's gold standard science?
The first stop on our Bobby Kennedy pseudoscience tour is the so-called chronic disease epidemic.
Bobby's got a wild theory that America's kids are sicker than ever, and it all started in 1989 because vaccines and junk food flipped some magical disease switch, like bright light and water for a mogwai.
In reality, it's just a bunch of half-truth falafels wrapped in a fear-mongering pita pocket, since he conveniently neglects to mention our increased understanding of genetic contributions to disease, as well as the massive decrease in child mortality that has occurred over the past century.
Remember when half of all kids died?
Me neither, since we don't live 150 years ago.
Hopefully we can keep it that way.
Let's get to Bobby's wild claims on the internet, starting with, who the hell else, Joe Rogan.
You know, all of those things.
Now, we went from 6 percent of Americans having chronic disease.
By 1986, we're starting to have the vaccines and we got an 11.8 percent of kids now.
So it's doubled.
By 2006, 54 percent.
These are kids who are permanently disabled and they have to be on medication their whole lives.
That's right, in 2023, Bobby claimed that chronic diseases, including obesity, autism, ADHD, diabetes, and allergies, exploded from 6% in the 1960s to a whopping 54% by 2006, implying that it is caused by an expanded vaccine schedule.
He's doubled down on this claim in his HHS Senate confirmation hearing, stating that Americans' overall health is in grievous condition, and pinning 1989 as the start of this epidemic.
His Maha report from this year echoes this, claiming that 40% of kids have chronic conditions, blaming ultra-processed foods and chemicals of one variety or another.
Sounds scary, right?
I mean, it seems like it must be true.
The big bad corporations are poisoning us, we all know that intuitively, so why would we need to verify any of that or use critical thinking in any way?
Because we're not sheep.
First let's talk about what prevalence means in the first place, because Bobby is throwing around big numbers like 54% to scare you.
Prevalence is just the percentage of people in a population who have a specific disease at a given time, like a snapshot of who's affected.
For chronic diseases, it's higher today, partly because we're better at spotting them, thanks to genetic testing and fancy diagnostics.
Genetic testing and fancy diagnostics, like PCR, like lateral flow, like antibodies, like all this stuff.
So see, he kind of knows, but he doesn't know.
But what does he say three times now?
Genetic stuff is handy.
Genetics, genetics, genetics.
So you can start to hear it, right?
Actually, Professor Dave is also scripted.
Professor Dave is scripted with exactly the bad biology 101 needed to hammer this Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
into the ground like a tent stake.
and also because kids are living longer since they're not dying from smallpox or polio.
Bobby pretends it's all vaccines and Froot Loops, but prevalence isn't a boogeyman, it's science.
So is there a chronic disease crisis?
CDC says about 40% of US kids aged zero to 17 have at least one chronic condition, like asthma, allergies, obesity, or behavioral disorders.
Autism is at one in 31 kids.
Obesity hits 20% of kids.
So Bobby's not making this up entirely, chronic diseases are a problem, and their prevalence is rising.
But here's where he goes off the rails.
He blames vaccines, toxins, and ultra-processed foods for this sudden 1989 spike, with a mixed bag of legitimacy.
Once again, Bobby is obsessed with the year 1989, claiming the vaccine schedule exploded and triggered an epidemic.
The vaccine schedule did gradually expand in the 80s and 90s, from three vaccines to 16 by 2000.
But in case you weren't aware, Bobby, correlation isn't causation.
There's zero evidence linking vaccines to a chronic disease surge.
And so his argument here, of course, is that correlation doesn't equal causation, and he's right.
But there would be a very easy way to solve that problem.
We could go look at the unvaccinated kids and see the prevalence of any of these diseases there.
And in fact, that's been done.
And that guy's not going to cite any of those papers.
Right.
And in reality, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
isn't very good at pointing that out either.
And that's why this guy isn't having to say it.
because the unvaccinated population and their health outcomes are irrelevant to this, are irrelevant to this discussion because we must accept pandemics and public health.
take autism.
Studies show that the rise is due to broader diagnostic criteria and better awareness, not thimerosal or aluminum as he's repeatedly parroted, and which has been debunked to death at this point.
When thimerosal, a mercury-containing preservative Bobby loves to hate, was yanked from most childhood vaccines by 2001 out of precaution due to public outcry, rates of autism diagnosis kept climbing.
so clearly that wasn't it nor any other chemical substance but do you see why it's it's bad do you see why the corner we've been run into is bad and it's bad because of this it's bad because vaccine injury is actually quite rare it is actually very hard to detect because the vast majority of vaccine injury is probably really sub
sub symptomatic or something that nobody would associate, especially because it's said onset three months later, or didn't onset in the same part of the body or has nothing to do with what they thought they were being vaccinated against.
Ladies and gentlemen, the very rare examples of kids that are permanently or, or
long-term damage in their GI tract and in their social interactions in their mental state and in their pain.
These kids are rare and these are not the kids that they're fighting for at all otherwise they would say that.
but instead they go along with this national security narrative which allows people like Dave to dunk on them and make them look like fools because it's definitely true.
They're not being specific enough if they say vaccine causes autism, but then don't say that what we really mean are kids like these.
That's the problem.
It's just one of the many problems that you will find if you really start to be able to see what this National Security State Theater is and how it is composed.
It is composed of cul-de-sacs, intellectual cul-de-sacs that you can't escape because the people that are in there are driving around so fast that you have no chance of getting to the exit.
You're stuck in the middle and all these other people are spinning around you so fast you can't merge out.
You're stuck in a traffic circle with these jackasses and it's Brian Hooker and Pauly Tommy and Mary Holland specifically causing it.
And of course, their scripted hero, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And so now we can script people to dunk on them and we are getting dunked on as we speak.
It's just that social media is protecting you from seeing it.
It's simply a broad trend in finally putting attention towards properly diagnosing and treating autism, which is a neurological condition.
The whole vaccines cause autism thing stems exclusively from a singular fraud named Andrew Wakefield and one fraudulent retracted study he was bribed into producing from personal injury lawyers.
That is explained in extreme detail.
And what if he's not wrong about that?
Do you see the problem here?
What if he's not wrong about Andrew Wakefield being a fraud like like the the mother of Colin would tell you he is Paula Aitken?
one of the original parents in that that study that I've interviewed on my stream and she's very convinced that these people are frauds.
What if it is a fraud?
If Andrew Wakefield is a fraud, Pauly Tommy's a fraud, that means all of their their Cal Jam shit was a fraud.
All of them standing in front of Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark was a fraud.
And that's why they're still here and Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn are not, because they are frauds.
That's why they get to go on Joe Rogan.
That's why they have ranches in Austin and estates in the UK, because they are national security state actors.
And it is because of these very malevolent soulless people that we have a lot of innocent people that think they're fighting for good when they're not.
And I beg your forgiveness for being mad at you or angry at you or calling you a traitor if indeed you are one of those people who was fooled by this show.
Like I was fooled by this show when I started to work for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in children's health defense.
But it is a group of liars on a script of the most malevolent kind.
And so we've got to do this weird juggling act, almost like Michael Motion.
I've got to have like six balls in my hand going like this in between them.
And 50% of them have to be forgiveness.
And the other 50% have to be like righteous anger.
And I have to juggle this very, very, very, very well in order to not lose my mind.
Because within this theater, there are malevolent actors who have known all along it's a lie.
And then there are a bunch of people that got pulled on stage because they raised their hand, because they wanted to do what was right, and they got sucked into the theater, not knowing that getting pulled on stage was the point when they lost control.
in this video here, so please watch that if you need more information.
In short, vaccines unequivocally do not cause autism, period.
Then there's ultra-processed foods, or UPFs.
The Maha report claims that 70% of kids' calories come from nutrient-poor, additive-packed snacks, fueling obesity and diabetes.
In fact, studies do back this up.
Ultra-processed diets lead to excess caloric intake and health issues like obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Additives like Red 40 might mess with behavior in some kids, but the evidence is spotty and more research is needed.
So, yeah, junk food is bad.
That's not news.
It's also not relevant.
There's no legal basis for banning less nutritious foods, and he can't physically force kids to eat broccoli or play soccer.
Do you see this?
Do you see where we are?
Do you see how frightening this is?
We are being made fools of by the other side, and we can't see it because social media is so incredibly effective.
That's my message for the day.
I really think that's true.
And I think we've got to be very, very careful about where we are and where we find ourselves.
We need to stay focused on the biology.
We need to start learning it together.
We need to not take the bait on social media and we need to love our neighbors.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thank you very much for sharing the stream.
And I'll see you in a few minutes, I think.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Yeah, it's an interesting time right now, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Few things are more dishonorable than misleading the young, and if there's anything these people are guilty of, it is misleading the young.
And they need to pull their heads out and apologize.
And we need to start working harder to identify the people that are actually on the script.
So we can steer our kids away from it.
This is social media We've got our kid teach our kids to surf on it safely.
Otherwise, you know, this is not gonna work.
We almost need to Teach our kids to build a new social media and get them off of the corporate social media that they're on right now I think that's the best way forward this illusion and the people behind it will be broken.
I assure you It will be broken
They are on a script, they don't all have to understand it, but the ones that do understand it are very malevolent actors.
And so I'm not willing to just throw forgiveness all around, but I am willing to accept that a lot of these people are just not sophisticated enough to understand.
I do think that Jay Bhattacharya is a traitor to American grandkids and likely a foreign actor.
I do think that Marty McCarry is likely a traitor to American grandkids and a foreign actor.
And I do think that they are part of the group of people that has played Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
over the last 5, 10, 15, 20 years culminating in this nonsense where they curated a narrative to make sure that any damage from transfection could be blamed on the novel virus or its spike protein.
And that's how we have this ghost of health freedom.
That's why they were here.
They are sticking to the script.
And we have successfully solved the Scooby-Doo mystery.
The Scooby-Doo mystery was the cover-up of the Lab League.
The diffuse proposal.
All these people trying to get out the truth.
And it turns out that Tony Fauci and that guy that was on 60 Minutes was guilty after all.
That's not of course true.
The real ghosts of health freedom are named Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn.
And we would be very, very blessed if these ghosts would visit us this Christmas.
Ladies and gentlemen, why would there be a fake health freedom movement in America?
It's because intramuscular injection as medicine is a dumb idea that originates in the 1800s.
It is because autism spectrum disorder is a myth, that pandemics are a myth, and that gain of function is a myth.
That's how we got here.
That's why we are here.
And sticking to the script is all that's required.
And they don't even need to know the details.
That's the frightening part.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I think that this is really the trick.
You got to get off of social media.
These organizations that were on the previous slide, these organizations are all part of the fifth generation warfare.
These podcasters are most likely naive.
They're given a script.
They know that they're important.
but they don't realize that they're working for the people they think they're fighting against.
I don't think they do.
I think that's what's so sad about it.
That's what gets me very sad about it, is that there's nothing, those people can be woken up, but probably will not be woken up.
It's much more frightening if you think that most of these people don't get it.
It becomes much more frightening if you realize that this is a lemmings kind of situation rather than a really malevolent kind of thing.
There are malevolent actors that have gotten us to run.
And there are malevolent actors that keep us running.
But in general, most of the people around us and most of the people that we are allowed to pay attention to on social media don't know why they are running in the direction they are running.
And if we could get them to understand these simple truths and really explore them in their head,
We would escape.
Our kids will definitely escape.
If we teach this simple biology to our kids, they will escape for sure.
Make no mistake about it, Jonathan Cooey is one of the few people who has gotten this far, who can tell you that everyone from Suzanne Humphreys to Polly Tommy to Brian Hooker are all people that have accepted the national security script.
It doesn't make them all bad.
It doesn't make them all terrible, but it does make them all actors, and it does make them all participants in this.
And so, in one way or another, you're going to have to judge them based on that decision.
Because I was offered it.
I was offered it in the form of the book, and an expert, and as a staff scientist position, and I refused to take it.
I effectively got myself fired by refusing to take the advice of shutting up.
stop, talk about Robert Malone.
Lots of people asked me to do it, including Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Jay Bhattacharya, all in the months warming up to my firing.
So I understood what I was doing.
I understood what I was doing because I also understood what they did.
They were put in place to script a narrative which would effectively hide the fact that we knew a bunch of new people, old people were going to die.
We knew it was coming since
We knew this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was coming since the 90s, because people came home after World War II and had more babies than they've ever had before.
That Brady Bunch era of prosperity was going to result in an extraordinary increase in the number of old people that would go from being very productive, highly paid taxpayers, landowners,
to being Medicaid recipients.
And that's a pretty big economic inversion.
That's a pretty big economic inversion that in places where there's a national health service, like in the UK or Canada, or in the Netherlands, that could have been a pretty serious economic disaster.
And so they needed a narrative excuse to manage them in the hospital, anybody that approached the need for end-of-life care, which before the pandemic for Medicaid, the last six months of end-of-life care for Medicaid was about a half a million dollars.
So everybody that they could put on supplementary oxygen or terrible ventilator settings and allow to die from bacterial pneumonia because viral pneumonia shouldn't be treated with antibiotics would be saving a half a million dollars each.
This is the primary driver of the pandemic narrative.
It is the primary opportunity.
It is a significant biological signal which could be anticipated and timed with and even sculpted using manslaughter in order to create the illusion of something that didn't exist.
And of course, at the center of that illusion would be PCR testing.
and would be manslaughter in hospitals.
And so if you went into a hospital and thought you had COVID, the chances of you being murdered were very high in this time period.
And the numbers reveal it.
And it wouldn't necessarily just have to be because of a DNR order or because you decided to take supplementary oxygen or because you got pneumonia.
It could also be
It could also be, of course, because it was an opioid death that was flipped around, because death certificate fraud was committed, because they used dexamethasone to get you out of the hospital and send you back to an old folks home, or they gave you remdesivir, or maybe they gave you midazolam, or they just didn't treat a urinary tract infection like they did to my father-in-law.
And so the list that should have been assembled by anybody that was purporting to be a dissident, but anybody that was trying to fight for justice for Americans would have assembled a list like this.
But unfortunately, Mark Kulak and myself are the only two people that I know of who have attempted to assemble a list of ways that people died that weren't the mystery virus.
because anybody that's tried to assemble this list has quickly come to the conclusion that there's no need for a mystery virus if we're gonna tell everybody the antibiotics are inappropriate, if we're gonna tell everybody that dexamethasone is a great hammer for the immune system, use it, apply it, send them home.
It would be impossible for us to anticipate the idea that we would let opioids run wild and that would kill a lot of young people under the age of 40
and that with a careful orchestration of that narrative, that math could be essentially applied to or put in the column of COVID.
And so then, with carefully scripted actors like Pierre Kory or Jessica Rose saying that the decrease in life expectancy in America is really stunning, but it doesn't have anything to do with the opioid pandemic, would be sufficient to cover it.
sophisticated lies and they're not some of the lies aren't even sophisticated you just have to say something like jessica rose did that i by my calculations as far as i can see it's not the opioid pandemic same with denny rancor saying that there was no anticipated rise in all-cause mortality i don't know what a population pyramid is stop lying
And so we have this list of things that no one will talk about and this list will never be touched.
There are people who have inspired a lot of thoughts from you.
People like JJ Cooley.
This list will never be touched.
No one will ever talk about it.
No one will ever debunk it or work through it.
Nobody like Nick Hudson or John Campbell or anybody will ever get to this list.
And in fact, I will tell you tomorrow in my show
a list that I can assemble which would allow you to seem like you're talking about any of these things when you're not.
And I expect that to be the end point of the dissident narrative.
where you say things as dumb as saying that pandemics, natural pandemics don't occur, or pandemics don't occur naturally.
That would be the opposite of the precision of RNA cannot pandemic.
It would be the opposite of the precision intramuscular injection is dumb.
Just like it is the equivalent of saying that I'm not against, I'm not anti-vax, I'm not against vaccines, I want safe vaccines, is just as stupid and uninformed and
militarily, diabolically trapping your brain as saying something like pandemics can't occur naturally.
And I guarantee you that's where the no virus, natural something, you know, dissident movement is going to go where pandemics don't occur naturally, which is not the same thing as saying RNA cannot pandemic.
It's saying that some of the bad guys can do it.
And so I'm going to make a concerted effort in the next few days to really lay out all the ways that you can pretend to be talking about this biology and not talking about it, so that once and for all we can end this debate about who has an explanation and who has a script.
Because I really believe, unfortunately, that this is true.
There's only one person on earth right now, unfortunately, and his name is Jonathan Cooey, that has a list.
has a list of the ways people were murdered and a list of the lies and deceptions that were used in order to hide that murder.
No one else has a list.
No one else has a succinct list of biological incongruencies and can defend them.
And no one else has had the coordinated attention of so many of these people and then subsequently had them ignored other than me.
You can't name one person that's been on a podcast with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Malone, and Nass, and Laurie, and Rose.
You can't mention one other person that's got all the no-virus people get together to talk shit about them.
You can't mention one other person that's had Kevin McKernan, Stephanie Seneff, John Bodwin, and
and Jessica Rose stream with them to learn what they have to say.
No one else has been invited to speak five or six or seven times to medical doctors for COVID ethics, just Jonathan Cooey.
No one else has been invited to speak to Panda three times other than Jonathan Cooey.
No one else in this dissident movement is listed as an expert in the Wuhan coverup book except for Jonathan Cooey and Brett Weinstein.
who I say is a fraud.
We are at the end, ladies and gentlemen, and it's been very, very hard work to get here where we realize that it's just murder and lies and it's not very complicated at all.
It's not a bunch of algorithms.
It's not AI.
It's not a bots.
It's, it's really actors.
It's been a long, strange trip, but most of the people in this picture are actors.
They are scripted actors who, after meeting me and telling me how great I was, went on to follow the script and act.
Everybody from these two shitheads all the way to Jay Bhattacharya, Jayanta,
This Indian guy, that guy, they're all in on it.
And they've all come to visit me.
That's also another thing you can't say about any of these other people that claim to be fighting.
They are all scripted actors.
They are all on the same team.
From George Webb, to Robert Malone, to Sasha Latupova, to her daughter Soph, to Alex Jones, all the way to David Icke.
It's all one malevolent show.
And the actors are chosen from people who stand up.
If you don't stand up, you'll never be chosen.
If you stand up and say the wrong things, you'll just be ignored.
So it's like an ash experiment on steroids.
And only the people that stand up and have an answer need to be meddled with.
And only the people that have the right answer that's on the script get promoted.
And it's very easy to do it that way.
Once you see that that's the way it's done, it's very, very easy to stay to the provided script.
And if you find somebody like me who was willing to sacrifice their faculty position in order to speak out about a lab leak, then you can promote them until they start saying that they think a lab leak isn't what happened.
And then you just stop promoting and you approach somebody else like Charles Rixey or Alex Washburn or, or any other person that, that agrees with the lab leak that was already started.
And as long as you keep Rand Paul and Russell Brand having 100,000 more followers than anybody else, then all this other stuff is just noise.
And the provided script is maintained.
And so we have Brett Weinstein telling us that a false AI theater is the danger, that AI production is the danger, when in reality, it's scripted liars that is the danger.
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours.
It is the scripted lie that it's the danger.
Are we going to be talking about excrement today?
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement offstage.
And so I really think it's possible that these two don't, they don't get it.
And that the same weaponized social media that prevents me from reaching more people prevents them from realizing how they're being used.
how they're being scripted to trap, and maybe they're even glad to trap the people that they're trapping, but this dude is used.
And it's not by accident that this same video is being promoted by so many people, including Mary Holland on Jimmy Dore and other things about how we've dealt a blow to the deep state by banning mRNA products for future respiratory diseases.
It's really scary.
So let's do a timeline again.
Remember, my argument is the health freedom movement in America needed to get rid of Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn in 2020 and they murdered them and effectively replaced them with Judy and Paul and Brian and Mary and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And that was the plan for quite some time.
And so not only that, but I think a lot of these people are liars and I've named them by name.
I think these people are definitely scripted and have accepted the role as being scripted liars.
I think Mary Holland is definitely an actor.
I think that Robert Malone is definitely an actor.
I think that Jay Bhattacharya is definitely an actor.
I think Brian Hooker has accepted the role even though at one point in time I think he was a good guy.
I think Kevin McKernan has definitely accepted the role and Nick Hudson has definitely accepted the role.
Jessica Rose has accepted the role even if she doesn't like it anymore.
And even Mike Eden has accepted the role and accepted it from the very beginning.
That's why he talked about
a novel virus, but overlapping natural immunity.
So he never really questioned the virus from the very beginning.
And so these are all the same kinds of scripts.
Let's just watch one example.
This is Mary Holland, and we're just gonna do 2019, 2021, 2025, and see if it makes any sense.
Thank you very much.
My name is Mary Holland.
I teach at NYU School of Law.
For the last 18 years since my son suffered a severe neurological injury after an MMR vaccine, I have studied vaccine law and policy.
I want to specifically address questions of community immunity or herd immunity, which are the basis for compulsion.
As many have pointed out, we need to have a 94 or 95 percent uptake in order to reach a level of what's considered herd immunity.
And yet we know that vaccines are not perfect products.
So are we mandating vaccines because herd immunity?
Or are we mandating vaccines because they don't hurt anybody and they help everyone?
So she's already failing miserably.
Instead, she's throwing out a new mythology.
The mythology of herd immunity is worth talking about.
That's the statement she's making here.
Instead of saying that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea is worth talking about.
Instead of saying that
RNA camp pandemic or something else like that.
I think at this time, that would have been a little absurd, but in 2019, after 18 years of studying vaccine law and policy, she might've been able to get to the stage where she said intramuscular injection is just kind of dumb, but remember her son was hurt by the MMR, which is a subcutaneous injection.
Do you see the trap we're in?
Do you see how screwed we are once they open the trap door and we start falling?
We're not going to be able to grab onto the edge and pull ourselves out of the hole.
We're going to be sliding down the slide all the way to what's ever at the bottom.
We know that up to 10% of vaccines fail.
They simply don't induce immunity in some people or some people get immunity and the immunity wanes.
You cannot achieve herd immunity here in Washington state.
So you must look at control for 60 years.
We've had mandates since the early sixties.
and yet we still don't have herd immunity.
If somebody comes from Israel with measles or they come from Philippines, we have measles outbreaks and it includes people who've been vaccinated as Dr. Bark points out.
So what you can realistically achieve as legislators is disease control and I support you absolutely to do that.
One of the myths around the need for community immunity is that you have free riders out there.
You have people who are seeking to avoid these mandates and not take the risks of vaccines.
You have hundreds of people who lined up this morning before 7 a.m.
to hear what's going on here.
These are not free riders.
These are people who have strong religious and conscientious and philosophical objections to mandates.
So a religious or a philosophical or a conscientious objection to mandates is not the same as making a biological argument of implausibility.
Because none of those objections assault the idea that the whole idea is dumb, that it's not effective, it doesn't work.
She's saying that up to 10% of vaccines fail, which means 90% of vaccines don't fail.
You will not get those people to vaccinate their children.
Those people will move out of the state or they will simply go underground, but they will not comply.
So I urge you to control rationally and not do things that are coercive, that violate informed consent.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
And violate informed consent.
House bill 1638.
They'll be violating informed consent, but what is informed consent?
If intramuscular injection is not a good idea to begin with.
What is informed consent if that Mary Holland in 2019 has already seen Brandy Vaughn present over and over the idea that there's a huge difference between injection and ingestion.
She's already heard Suzanne Humphrey say in 2018 on a stage she probably shared with her that she didn't think there was any way to create a good vaccine.
She used to say that.
And yet here she is in front of a legislature, the Washington state legislature, not making a very cogent argument against vaccination in general or vaccines in general, but saying that she supports them.
She believes in them, that 90% of them work, but we're just not going to get to herd immunity.
Let's listen to 2021.
Maybe it'll get better after the start of the pandemic.
Maybe she'll get better.
I'm Tony Perkins, your host, along with Meg Kilgannon, our co-host today.
On Monday, Parental Rights Foundation and Children's Health Defense filed a lawsuit against Washington DC, arguing that a 2020 law permitting minors to obtain vaccinations without parental consent is unconstitutional.
The DC Minor Consent for Vaccinations Amendment Act of 2020 allows minors 11 years and up to consent to vaccines, including the COVID shot.
without parental knowledge or consent if the health care provider believes the minority is capable of meeting the informed consent standard.
Wow.
Well, joining us to talk about this is Mary Holland, president and general counsel of Children's Health Defense.
She is also the co-author and co-editor of the books Vaccine Epidemic and the HPV Vaccine on Trial Seeking Justice for a Generation Betrayed.
Mary, welcome to Washington Watch.
Thank you so much for having me.
Mary, can you tell us about what to do to file the lawsuit?
So this is a very dangerous law that the Washington, D.C.
City Council passed, and Congress did not override it.
So we were sort of watching this process.
This is potentially precedent-setting.
The pharmaceutical industry had tried this in many states, but they have bicameral legislatures, and they did not succeed because parents opposed it.
But in D.C., with only a unicameral legislature, they were able to get this through.
This is so dangerous for children because parents won't know what vaccines their children get.
It goes beyond just the parents don't know.
This is active concealment required by this law.
So what's weird about this is, is that as a person who was supposedly advocating for children's health and educating parents, it seems pretty trivial to educate your kid who's 11 years old, that doctors do this and that vaccines are X, Y, and Z, and that you're not going to get any because you don't need any.
And the doctor might try to convince you to it, but don't take any.
I wouldn't worry about my 13-year-old being convinced by the doctor that his parents don't know what's best for him.
I'm not worried about that with my 16-year-old either.
And I'm not worried about that with my 8-year-old.
But I'm a pretty competent parent, I think, after the third one.
And so this is a little weird because it's also...
It suggests later in the interview that even if you file an exemption, the doctors can still do it, but I guess that would mean that your child would have to ask for it.
The doctor wouldn't, it's remarkable the kind of smoke and mirrors that's going on in 2021.
They're already rolling out the shots that she should already be very clear in 2021.
There's this guy in Pittsburgh who's already saying, and already lost his job at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine for saying that they're lying about a background and that transfection would have been inappropriate for anybody that's healthy.
I wrote a review about three months before this video takes place.
So the review was out there.
The people knew I was already saying it and people were getting in front of me to say other things.
And this same month is when Tucker Carlson goes on to say that drastic is the one who solved the lab leak.
And the drastic was started by, uh, by Jamie Metzel and some guy from France.
So Mary Holland has a podcast opportunity to talk about something and she talks about something very specific.
She's selling her books and she doesn't think little kids should be able to give consent for vaccination, which of course is easy to see, would be silly.
But it's a show, it's a national security theater getting you to argue about mandates instead of getting you to argue about the whole
ridiculous schedule to begin with, the whole ridiculous idea of intramuscular injection to begin with, the whole idea of augmenting a healthy child at birth.
Those are all things that get juggled around like a big hamster wheel and never, you know, packed together into a really nice ice snowball and then thrown at the target.
So the parents who filed religious exemptions will not know that their children got vaccines, whether it's the human papillomavirus vaccine, or whether it's a COVID shot, or whether it's a meningitis shot.
The kids allegedly can consent to any federally recommended vaccine on their own
and the parents won't even find out about it from their health insurer.
It will be concealed from the parents.
The school will have access to this information and the healthcare prep.
The sad part is, is that this law is probably changing the age from 14 to 11.
And so it's, again, it's semantics, it's bullshit.
It's not really effectively fighting anything.
And then we're talking about Washington, D.C.
as being a potentially precedent-setting law.
Come on.
She's a scripted fraud.
But the healthcare practitioner and the school are disabled from giving that information to the parents.
This is unconstitutional.
It also violates the federal statute that put in place the vaccine program that we have today.
But never mind the fact that the PREP Act being able to suspend all kinds of fundamental rights on the whim of an unelected official is unconstitutional.
Let's talk about this.
And that's exactly what Aaron Seary and CHD and ICANN have done for the last 15 years.
So we strongly oppose it.
prevail on this.
We have
on behalf of their children who are enrolled in the DC public school system.
And we think that we feel that this is an incredibly important law to challenge.
It's incredibly important to challenge this, just like it's incredibly important to defend the legal rights of Meryl Nass and her use of ivermectin.
And that's not fair that she lost her license or something like that.
So we got to defend her too.
Because it is so potentially
We just add that four cities have already sort of declared this mature minor act.
And so Seattle and in New York City and in Philadelphia, they have been inviting children without their parents' knowledge to come and get COVID shots.
This is tremendously concerning.
It's tremendously concerning, but if the COVID shots end up to work pretty well, I guess it won't be so bad.
If there really is a bad virus around there that the COVID shot could protect these kids from, maybe it won't be so bad.
It's really just a question of whether it's their choice or not and whether they can make the choice without their parents or not.
So they're not really questioning anything, not really questioning anything that's occurring other than whose choice it should be.
She is a scripted national security state actor.
And although I'm not upset with Heather Haying and Brett Weinstein, I am upset with her.
There is no explanation for Mary Holland's 20 plus years of failure other than it being scripted.
Just like Andrew Wakefield is scripted and Pauly Tommy is scripted.
And it requires people like Mary Holland and Meryl Nass to exist in order for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to be who he is.
essentially a puppet, not responsible for what he does, actor.
I mean, if a guy on a Star Trek set is scripted to commit genocide using the transporter room and failing to transport people to another ship and they get lost and they're dead, that's not the actor's fault.
If Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is scripted to get rid of respiratory mRNA but approve a universal flu vaccine, then that's not the actor's fault.
And these scripted people will respond in turn to make sure that Bobby feels like following the script is still the best choice.
And maybe some of these podcasters will have to improvise their reactions to it, their confusion by it,
But when the script comes in the mail, they'll realize they have no choice.
This would appear to me, as you've described it, Mary, intentionally designed to deceive parents.
And with this being concealed, I mean, it's so crazy that they choose language like that because it applies directly to CHD.
They are designed to deceive parents.
Del Bigtree was put in place to deceive parents.
And like it or not, Brian Hooker has a job deceiving parents.
They all lie about why people die.
They all lie about why people get sick and why people and what autism is and what pandemics, they all are.
are paid to lie about why people die.
To think about, you know, there could be complications.
You know, when you get this, the COVID, let's just take the COVID.
There's others that this would open the door to.
So it's not limited to the COVID shot.
But let's say they get the COVID shot and we already know that there have been some health complications for some who have gotten these shots.
And a parent doesn't know all of a sudden their child could be deathly ill and they don't know why.
Tony, there have been over 9,000 reported deaths.
There have been over 400,000 reported injuries.
The COVID shots in particular are very serious medical interventions.
But every vaccine, like every drug, carries potential benefits.
Do you see how imprecise that is?
How every drug contains potential benefits and side effects.
These are really serious medical interventions.
They are already old technology being renamed now in 2021.
And Mary Holland is scripted not to say it.
And potential risks.
That's why parents have to play a role in these decisions.
These are minors.
It is inconceivable to me that an 11-year-old can adequately research and understand the potential benefits and risks of a COVID shot.
This is nonsense.
This is the pharmaceutical industry coming in and exploiting children.
you know, at the children's expense and trying to cut parents out of... This is a national security actor swooping in to take advantage of parents.
That's what's so gross about Mary Holland.
It's just unacceptable.
It's un-American, it's unconstitutional, and it violates federal law.
We're really grateful that you filed this lawsuit.
I think it's incredible to me that a governing body, which in this case is the school board and the city council, that they would think that 11-year-olds could know their medical history sufficiently to actually form intelligent consent to any medical procedure, never mind a vaccine.
That's it, Meg.
This is dangerous.
Children can potentially die from this law.
That's what parents have to understand.
your child could die from shots to its school.
And what the shot was.
They s
And then the mom or the dad takes the kid to get two more COVID shots.
We don't know what that would do.
It might be within a shot.
Also now this law prevents like, you know, maybe the parents will give the kids two shots and then because they were at school and could give consent at school, they might give consent.
Do you see how stupid that argument is?
When in reality it's an old methodology called transfection that's being renamed by a bunch of scripted actors so that the IP clock can be reset and so that they could be called untested countermeasures.
Do you see how dark it is that they put an anti-vax movement, a mom that claims to be a anti-vaxxer trying to help other moms understand the pros and cons of vaccination?
They put those people out there to tell us this?
Do you see how nasty that is and the kind of trap that we're in?
For a period of time.
I just can't bring across enough how dangerous this is and how exploitative this is.
And I would add that, to add insult to injury here, is that they're going to bill the parent's health insurer without them even knowing what the service provided was?
I mean, this is incredible.
It's that's the point, Tony.
It's incredible.
We could not believe this as this passed through the City Council and then it sat on the mayor's desk and we tried to get people to call into the mayor and there were there was hundreds of thousands of emails and phone calls, but that.
RFK Jr.
just dropped a hammer on Bill Gates and his mRNA vaccines that he has funded.
And we're going to tell you how, because the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services announced it will stop developing new mRNA vaccines because, according to RFK Jr.,
mRNA vaccines don't perform well against viruses that infect the upper respiratory tract and paradoxically encourage new mutations that can actually prolong pandemics.
Well, that's interesting and nice of them to finally admit.
What they're not admitting is what are some of the health concerns about mRNA.
And what they're also not saying is that mRNA vaccines will still be available to be developed through private vaccine makers.
They just won't be government funded.
Also, that they will continue to be in what they call late-stage vaccines.
So there are plenty of cancer vaccines that have mRNA in them, which may still hit market.
So are we witnessing a quiet retreat from the mRNA revolution or the beginning of a new phase with maybe even fewer guardrails and even less public accountability?
Mary Holland joins us to discuss.
She's the CEO of the Children's Health Defense and one of the editors
of the amazing book, Turtles All the Way Down, which in my opinion is the most comprehensive review of vaccine research that you can find.
So thank you for joining us today.
It's a pleasure.
So can you explain this HHS announcement and maybe tell us what they are not admitting about the mRNA technology?
So the way that we see this is it's a step in the right direction.
It is not the full story, right?
So as you're pointing out, it doesn't say that these shots have been injurious and deadly on a scale never before seen.
In the past, these products, these mRNA products were considered gene therapies.
They were not vaccines.
They had to change the definition of vaccines to bring these on the market.
That's exactly wrong.
It is not that they changed them that before they were gene therapies.
And so they had to change the definition of vaccine in order to get them in.
That's exactly wrong.
That is exactly wrong.
They were transfections.
They had an old name.
They'd already been used widely across every bench in academic America and the West and
They were part of the standard manufacturing process for protein biologics.
Transfection was used all the time.
So this idea that they used to be called gene therapies and then they changed the definition of vaccine to allow it is wrong.
Stop lying!
It is scripted wrong.
I'm going to try and push it back a little bit because you really need to hear.
That's exactly wrong.
So it doesn't deal with all of this, but it's a step in the right for considered gene therapies.
They were not vaccines.
They had to change the definition of vaccines to bring these on the market.
So it doesn't deal with all of this, but it's a step in the right direction in that this order a couple of days ago from HHS Secretary Kennedy cuts off $500 million of funding that was primarily gonna go to Pfizer and Moderna, the two main manufacturers of about 97% of the COVID shots that were administered.
From our point of view, this mRNA platform is not ready for prime time, right?
It needs a lot, a lot, a lot more research to begin.
Does that sound like somebody that thinks that hundreds of thousands of people were injured and thousands of people were killed by it?
It's not ready for prime time?
Does it sound like she takes seriously the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans over the last five years?
Does it sound like she takes seriously the injuring of thousands of children over the last 25 years by the vaccine schedule that she became woefully aware of 18, 25 years ago when her son was injured by an MMR shot?
Does this sound like a lady who's really serious?
Or does this sound like a lady who's getting paid about $270,000 a year to work off of Zoom?
giving this to all people.
It basically creates a kind of an autoimmune condition.
This RNA instructions then creates the antigen in your body and you defend against it, right?
So in the COVID shot, it gave you the instructions to form the spike protein, only they don't know how long it lasts.
They don't know what the dosing should be.
Everybody's different.
And the evidence- So shout out to Catherine Organic.
I'm not gonna make a slide for this because I think I wanna hold it for the book.
But I want to shout out to Catherine and I want to shout out to all of my followers and people that are following the stream regularly so that you really understand what the cutting edge of this biology is.
But it is a universal error that everybody from Redacted and Mary Holland all the way up to Kevin McKernan are now making.
And the scripted error is they keep referring to the mRNA as having pseudouridine.
And this is absolutely positively wrong.
Number one, pseudouridine is the natural alternate uracil.
And pseudouridine is used by our own RNAs to help with regulation and other things that we don't fully understand.
But that pseudouridine is a thing.
And one methyl pseudouridine is an analog nucleotide that is synthetic.
And so one of the things that they have achieved here, I'm afraid, is that they have rolled out different analogs of nucleotides.
and tested the expression length and temporal lasting effects of the transfections.
And that's why they have people like Peter McCullough out there on social media saying that I have a patient who I can find spike protein in her body after three and a half years.
That sounds like the perfect gene therapy for somebody who's missing an enzyme, who has a genetic disorder where an enzyme is malfunctioning or missing or knocked out.
we could transfect them once every three or four months and get sustained expression of the protein we're missing, it sounds like we've made a pretty good step forward in terms of genetic curing of genetic maladies.
And so we can tell everybody in the world that it's all about the spike protein, and it's terrible the spike protein's around so long.
But what the people on the inside are most likely hearing is that some of the batches with some of the analog nucleotides are producing an extraordinary long-lasting transfection, maybe even longer than any of them ever hoped.
And since they know where the placebos are, and they know where the pseudouridine is, and they know where the N1 methyl pseudouridine is, and they know where all the other analogs went that nobody ever talked about, there could be a whole host of experimental data sets that have been created and a whole host of different levels of progress that have been made in terms of understanding transfection in the context of humans.
And we're all waving our hands about the DNA contamination and about the inappropriateness of the spike protein or the fear and cleavage site, when in reality, they have taken advantage of the pandemic to carefully orchestrate the release of different analog nucleotides to see which ones of these types of transfections would be the most long lasting, the least toxic, yada, yada, yada.
And that gets hidden behind scripted actors who are unable to point out that it's really weird that Bret Weinstein doesn't know it's N-1-methyl pseudo-uridine, that Kevin McKernan, the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project, goes on huge podcasts and just can't seem to say it right, and also doesn't seem to point out that that's a big deal.
Because had they just enriched it for pseudouridine, they wouldn't have technically been doing anything that was chemically unnatural.
But if they enriched it for N1 methyl pseudouridine, now they are using a synthetic analog of RNA and testing it in humans.
Once again, shout out to Catherine Organic in the chat, because she is the one that has hammered this home to me in the chat and behind the scenes for a long time.
And it is her.
her sharing with what she's reading and learning that has brought me to the level of understanding that I think I can hit that home run whenever I want to.
And I just haven't hit it yet because I don't want any of these scripted fools taking it.
And I think it's not very likely.
I think because they are scripted not to take it.
But I assure you, we are on that like flies and we will be on it like flies because it is one of the biggest weaknesses of their fake dissident stance is that
A specificity, that lack of specificity with regard to the modification of the RNA cannot be by accident.
Hey, Catherine Organic is in there, nice.
Glad to see you there, good, good, good.
It's very strong that the more shots you got, the more likely you were to get COVID.
I mean, that's what a Cleveland Clinic study says.
So I am hopefully a step in the right direction, but this is not everything we want.
Children's Health Defense is on record with many other groups that these products should not be on the market.
They're unsafe.
They're just not safe.
They're not really vaccines.
They don't prevent transmission full stop.
Did regulators know about this before the COVID rollout?
And I mean, RFK Jr.
says that there's manipulations in- They don't stop transmission full stop.
You see, there again, we are with this ineffective rhetoric, which leaves the door open for all kinds of possibilities, like they could still help people.
Maybe they save old people from having severe COVID, which is what they all say anyway, right?
And so how is it possible that somebody that's been supposedly fighting this illusion for 20 years is still incapable of seeing that that statement right there was so weak, it was useless.
They didn't stop transmission.
Come on.
Gene manipulations and it prolongs the pandemic, it makes it worse.
So do regulators know about this?
And what evidence do we have now that they were fully in the tank on this?
It's a great question, Clayton.
What we do know is that a spokesperson for Pfizer said to the European Parliament, to the European Union, we never tested really whether it stopped transmission.
I mean, that's kind of incredible.
I do think the research that Catherine Watt and Sasha Letypova have done that basically is based on the lawsuit of Brooke Jackson against Ventavia and against Pfizer really made clear that this was an operation that was led by the Department of Defense.
It's not really negotiable, right?
It was not led by HHS or the pharmaceutical makers.
It was led by the Department of Defense under very weird kind of
protocols.
And so what did DOD know about what was going to happen with these shots?
I don't think we have the full story.
As Kennedy's statement basically makes clear, we don't fully know what all the ingredients are in these shots.
Remember, these were rolled out under emergency use authorization.
They might be effective.
People could not give full informed consent because they didn't know what was in them.
So I don't think we have the full story.
My personal view is that we have to get to the bottom of what was known by whom and when, or we're going to fall for this again.
Brian Hooker knew they were transfections because he was using transfection for 16 years as the employee of a government lab, transfecting and transforming plants to produce medicine.
So her chief science officer at Children's Health Defense knows that these weren't gene therapies, they had a real name, they were transfections and lots of people were using them before the pandemic and he used them in plants.
So we don't need to get the bottom of anything except for how in the hell is it possible that Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass are behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
who is in now our HHS secretary.
We are under attack, ladies and gentlemen.
America's being undermined by scripted actors, and she is one of them.
People are gonna fall for this again, and we can't let that happen.
This pandemic should be, the pandemic, whatever, this COVID experience should be the wake-up call of we are headed on a path towards medical tyranny unless we look at what happened, punish the people who committed crimes, and then deal with the reality of
Punishing people who commit crimes is not the way out.
There aren't very many crimes if it's a complex theater of actors and unwitting participants.
There's not very much crime if everybody that really is working in this doesn't understand that intramuscular injection's just dumb.
It's not a crime if Brian Hooker had to pay the bills.
It's not a crime if, like, there's just a lot of gray area here now.
And I'm very, very humbly submitting that I see it.
There's no gray area around Mary Holland.
There's no gray area around Meryl Nass.
And there's no gray area around Brian Hooker.
I know that those three people know for sure that at some point they took the role that they are now in, and they knew that their role was acting.
Brian Hooker may have thought that he was doing something like getting Bobby Kennedy to the White House, but she didn't.
Meryl Nass didn't.
Robert Malone didn't.
Jessica Rose didn't.
Kevin McKernan didn't.
Kevin McCairn didn't.
Charles Rixey didn't.
You know, these people are malevolent.
They were recruited.
They joined up.
And even if they were told that there was a pandemic that needed their help, by now,
if they were who they claim to have been at the start, should have pulled themselves out of the operation by now.
And because they haven't pulled themselves out, they have to know by now they've accepted the script.
Most of them have never even seen me or know who I am.
What should be the medical paradigm?
Now, what do you think of the fact that private companies will still be able to use mRNA technology to their heart's delight?
Now, we saw Dr. Marty Macari saying, we're gonna do better at clinical trials because I made a list, I think a year or two ago.
Now remember, Marty Macari has just gotten rid of animal testing.
It used to be mice and then non-mice and then maybe non-human primates and then humans.
We're getting rid of animal testing
And we're doing what is called post-market surveillance, which is just basically testing in humans.
And so Mary Holland should be thoroughly against that.
Of all the vaccines that had received either emergency use or somehow rushed through, skipped trials, basically skipped full trials.
So we know that mRNA is in several late stage cancer vaccines.
So I guess a two-part question.
One, is there a possibility that it is effective in a cancer vaccine?
And two, can we trust that it will get a full clinical trial with full explanation?
Well, I think they were used.
mRNA shots have been used as explicit gene therapy for cancer patients for some time.
Obviously, the calculus for somebody who has an otherwise potentially fatal disease is a completely different calculus than a healthy six-month-old, right?
Or a healthy 40.
world.
These are going to continue to be, obviously, the powers that be.
The major biopharmaceutical, the biomedical pharmaceutical industries have invested trillions, probably, in this platform because it's fast.
No, actually, the Human Genome Project and the NIH invested trillions of dollars.
You see, this is such a monumental fail.
She just said that pharmaceutical industries invested all this money in this technology.
Wow.
I mean that is just wow.
That is remarkably scripted dumb.
You can make this in like 100 days and it's specific, at least they think.
I don't believe right now that the private sector is gonna stop all development.
I do believe that it's absolutely Kennedy's idea that there can be no future vaccine products put on the market without true inert placebo controls.
That was never the case.
They were used in some respects in COVID, but those clinical trials were highly manipulated.
I think there is going to be a different level of scrutiny around clinical trials for vaccines than there ever has been for any kind of vaccines going forward.
So I do think that mRNA shots to get licensed through the FDA are going to have to meet a much higher level.
But I don't expect that all research using this platform is going to stop.
Arguably it shouldn't, it just shouldn't be forced on people and it shouldn't be forced on people with lies, which is what happened to us during COVID.
The unfortunate thing is, very succinctly said by my friend Mark, is that the people who are responsible for getting everybody to be afraid in 2020 and responsible for getting everybody to accept the novel virus and its potential to kill billions, but also the potential for zero COVID,
Those people are now the same people who are telling you that the mRNA is bad and that RFK is saving us.
That's the irony of it.
If those people would have had their heads in the right place in 2020, most people would have never taken transfection because they would have known what it was and they wouldn't have taken it.
But because these people were where they were, and because in 2021 she's not saying it very precisely, people still think it might work.
It might save them.
It might be for me if it's not for everybody.
I'm not the healthiest guy in the world, so maybe I should take it.
This imprecision labels Mary Holland as a scripted traitor to our grandkids.
And Mary Holland deserves ire and anger and frustration.
She is not a fooled person like Heather Hain.
I don't like Heather either, but Heather is really fooled.
Mary is really scripted.
The thing that's being forced on us is all this advertising.
And I know we're getting ready for the NFL season.
You're going to see, as the World Series games and playoffs unfold, all of the commercials, you're going to see big Pfizer.
You're going to see Travis Kelsey rolling up his arm saying, hey, I got two shots.
I got my flu shot, and I got my other Band-Aid here.
Go get your COVID shot.
You can get it for two for one.
Just go down to Walgreens and grab them.
So they're going to be met with this big advertising onslaught as we head into the fall and the Christmas season.
Yeah, I agree with you.
You know, the US is one of two countries in the world with direct to consumer prescription pharmaceutical drug advertising.
We are absolutely aberrant on this.
It is ridiculous to be advertising medical products and not you know, with no controls essentially.
No, that's the wrong song.
This one.
you
do
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find the stain of my academic work on the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed.
He was my last name, Cooey, and the first initials J and J. You would be able to see three presentations to the group called Panda, but those were lost and not on their Rumble site.
You can also see my work horribly misrepresented on a substack called Woodhouse 76, and also a substack written by Sasha Latopova.
I don't know what the name of that one is.
I used to work for Children's Health Defense under Brian Hooker, who I think is a fraud.
I used to work for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as a scientific advisor, and I think he's just a scripted actor.
And I think Jay Bhattacharya is a guy who tried to play me over three years as a fool, but is actually just somebody also on a script provided by Robert Malone.
Ladies and gentlemen, I know what I'm saying is not easy to swallow.
I do have a
a YouTube channel called JC on the Bike, which documented my original entry into this mess.
I also have a JC in the Woods channel, which is just my alternative that I'm not using right now.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you want to support this work and you want to do it consistently, please share it.
The best way to do it
is to download the PeerTube app.
I know it sounds crazy, but PeerTube is a YouTube clone.
The code is open source, and it is available on GitHub.
And I have a website.
It is stream.gigaohm.bio, where I stream live, and I also store all of these videos for free, or you can download them as videos or as audio.
There, you can see it there, live.
And actually, it's crazy.
But PeerTube actually has an app and the app works spectacularly.
The YouTube, sorry, the PeerTube website is glitchy.
The YouTube, the PeerTube website stops every once in a while, but the, the, um, why isn't that running?
That should be like this and get rid of this.
The PeerTube website is extraordinary because it, um,
It works.
It's nice for sharing.
You can download the stuff and watch it later.
But the PeerTube app works almost flawlessly.
And it puts Gigaohm Biological on any device you want, an iPad or a phone.
It is a small app.
It is called PeerTube.
It looks like a squid with orange and brown and white.
If you install it, you can find a way to enter, to input the URL stream.gingom.bio.
And all of these videos will just populate.
They will be there.
The app works perfectly.
There is no login.
There is no login, there is no email address needed, there is no algorithm, there is no personal data stored.
And this makes it something that no one else on the internet is offering you.
No one like Robert Malone is offering you something like that.
No one like...
Any of these people is producing what Mark and I are now doing, which is a separate platform without a login, without email requirement, without registration that provides our information, our productions for free.
See how incredible it is that no one else does that.
Rumble app, do you want the Rumble app on your phone?
Do you want a special app for Substack on your phone or do you want an open source, tiny, freely available to modify app that requires nothing from you?
other than a website, and then you can watch me for free on your phone.
I don't think there's a better offer out there, especially for the work that Mark and I are doing.
And what I plan to do by the end of the year is start a non-profit that will allow me to take the money that I raise and put peer tubes out there for people like Dan Cohen, and people like Joe Marshall, and people like Mark Kulak, who deserve his own peer tube.
And then you can populate your PeerTube app with separate channels, separate websites that are all independent parts of the bright web.
I hope you're ready for the future because the future is right now.
This is bullshit, okay?
Telling us that this is still not right.
It's so annoying.
This should be automatically and it should loop and tell start and it should be muted.
Muted, I said.
This is bullshit, okay?
DOD is deploying a kill box is exactly what Mary Holland told you by citing Catherine and by citing Sasha.
It's bullshit.
And we'll talk all about it tomorrow.
The shot was a bioweapon is also a bullshit argument that doesn't get your kids free.
And also pandemics do not occur naturally is a stupidly bullshit argument scripted by
Malevolent actors and and and promoted by malevolent actors.
We are going to produce the list that will break it forever We'll do that tomorrow.
Thank you very much for joining me The basic gist of it is is that you can make a really long list and not tell anybody the truth And the truth is very simple intramuscular injections a dumb idea from a long time ago Transfection in healthy humans was always a crime because these are old technologies renamed and RNA cannot frickin pandemic
Thanks for being here.
See you tomorrow.